[Release_v2150] Update ReleaseNotes.md (#3214)
openvinotoolkit/nncf: ReleaseNotes.md

# Release Notes

## New in Release 2.15.0

Post-training Quantization:

- Breaking changes:
  - ...
- General:
  - ...
- Features:
  - ...
- Fixes:
  - ...
- Improvements:
  - Significantly faster data-free weight compression for OpenVINO models: INT4 compression is now up to 10x faster, while INT8 compression is up to 3x faster. The larger the model the higher the time reduction.
  - AWQ weight compression is now up to 2x faster, improving overall runtime efficiency.

>   - Peak memory usage during INT4 data-free weight compression in the OpenVINO backend is reduced up to 50% for certain models.

Reviewer: #2727 + #3211

# Release Notes

## New in Release 2.15.0

Post-training Quantization:

- Breaking changes:
  - ...
- General:
  - ...
- Features:

>   - (TorchFX, Experimental) Preview support for the new `quantize_pt2e` API has been introduced, enabling quantization of `torch.fx.GraphModule` models with the `OpenVINOQuantizer` and the `X86InductorQuantizer` quantizers. `quantize_pt2e` API utilizes `MinMax` algorithm statistic collectors, as well as `SmoothQuant`, `BiasCorrection` and `FastBiasCorrection` Post-Training Quantization algorithms.

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/nncf/pull/3121 + https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/nncf/pull/3216

# Release Notes

## New in Release 2.15.0

Post-training Quantization:

- Breaking changes:
  - ...
- General:
  - ...
- Features:
  - (TorchFX, Experimental) Preview support for the new `quantize_pt2e` API has been introduced, enabling quantization of `torch.fx.GraphModule` models with the `OpenVINOQuantizer` and the `X86InductorQuantizer` quantizers. `quantize_pt2e` API utilizes `MinMax` algorithm statistic collectors, as well as `SmoothQuant`, `BiasCorrection` and `FastBiasCorrection` Post-Training Quantization algorithms.

>   - (TensorFlow) The `nncf.quantize()` method is now the recommended way for the quantization initialization for Quantization-Aware Training. Please refer to an [example](examples/quantization_aware_training/tensorflow/mobilenet_v2) for more details about how to use new approach.

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/nncf/pull/3164

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/nncf/pull/3195

- Fixes:
  - ...
- Improvements:
  - Significantly faster data-free weight compression for OpenVINO models: INT4 compression is now up to 10x faster, while INT8 compression is up to 3x faster. The larger the model the higher the time reduction.
  - AWQ weight compression is now up to 2x faster, improving overall runtime efficiency.
  - Peak memory usage during INT4 data-free weight compression in the OpenVINO backend is reduced up to 50% for certain models.
- Deprecations/Removals:

>   - (TensorFlow) The `nncf.tensorflow.create_compressed_model()` method is now marked as deprecated. Please use the `nncf.quantize()` method for the quantization initialization.

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/nncf/pull/3217

# Release Notes

## New in Release 2.15.0

Post-training Quantization:

- Breaking changes:
  - ...
- General:
  - ...
- Features:
  - (TorchFX, Experimental) Preview support for the new `quantize_pt2e` API has been introduced, enabling quantization of `torch.fx.GraphModule` models with the `OpenVINOQuantizer` and the `X86InductorQuantizer` quantizers. `quantize_pt2e` API utilizes `MinMax` algorithm statistic collectors, as well as `SmoothQuant`, `BiasCorrection` and `FastBiasCorrection` Post-Training Quantization algorithms.

>   - (TensorFlow) The `nncf.quantize()` method is now the recommended way for the quantization initialization for Quantization-Aware Training. Please refer to an [example](examples/quantization_aware_training/tensorflow/mobilenet_v2) for more details about how to use new approach.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  - (TensorFlow) The `nncf.quantize()` method is now the recommended API for Quantization-Aware Training. Please refer to an [example](examples/quantization_aware_training/tensorflow/mobilenet_v2) for more details about how to use new approach.
```

>   - (TensorFlow) Compression layers placement in the model now can be serialized and restored with new API functions: `nncf.tensorflow.get_config()` and `nncf.tensorflow.load_from_config()`. Please see [documentation](/docs/usage/training_time_compression/quantization_aware_training/Usage.md#saving-and-loading-compressed-models) for the saving/loading of a quantized model for more details.

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/nncf/pull/3217
